okay in this video what I'm going to
show you how to do is how to have the
bullet disappear when it hits the alien
ship and also you want the alien ship to
also disappear when it's hit by the
bullet okay so the first thing we want
to do is let's click on the alien ship
up here wants the prototype of it okay
and we're going to create a new rule but
before we create this duel let's go
ahead and collapse these so we have a
little bit more room on the screen so
we'll create a new rule and in that role
we are going to drag in a condition on
collision here and basically what we
want to say is when the alien actor
overlaps or collides with actor of title
it's a down arrow here second down arrow
and we want when it collides with the
bullet what we want to happen when it
collides with the bullet well you'd like
the actor to disappear this active to
you know basically the disappearing act
here is the destroy action and so we are
looking for the destroy of the action
section trying that in and under the do
it'll destroy this actors would destroy
itself okay so basically we want to do
this pretty much the same exact thing
here for the bullet so okay so let's go
to the bullet now create a new rule in
that will we will drag in a condition on
collision of actor when the bullet
collides
with actor of type this time the enemy
our alien what we wanted to do we want
it to action to destroy itself okay now
let's go ahead and test that so
there we go so both the bullet let's do
that again so you can see it keep an eye
on that bullet and the alien there we go
both the bullet and the alien disappear
so that's the end of this video we will
see you in the next one